[Music]
all right so something kind of cool
happened yesterday
a guy came into the dave td discord and
he claimed that he had photos
of an unreleased phone the oneplus 9 pro
and this isn't uncommon like people will
often pretend like they have something
special
to share and it's usually crap but just
out of curiosity
i dm the guy i'm like well let's see
them
and i think these are real i think these
are legitimately pictures
of the oneplus 9 pro now the first thing
i did when i got them
was i went on to google and be like i
want to compare these pictures with
other leaks right just to kind of see if
it matched the leaks of other stuff
because he sent me a bunch of photos
and the craziest thing is i couldn't
find any photos
that looked like this there were no
other photos on the internet
of a oneplus 9 pro that had this kind of
camera array
i think these are real so it's supposed
to be a oneplus 9 pro and that would
imply that all the previous leaks we've
seen before
are just the regular oneplus 9 because
the camera system
is slightly different this has a four
camera setup and it looks quite
different from the existing
oneplus 8 pro but you'll also notice the
branding of
hasselblad on the back of this and this
is really interesting we'll get back to
in a second
which keep in mind okay other
observations there's
a curved screen kind of like the one on
the oneplus 8 pro but this is distinctly
different looking
than the other leaks we've seen like all
the oneplus 9 pictures or
leaked oneplus 9 pictures we've seen had
a flat
display and this seemingly because it's
the pro version
has curved edges on the side once again
it also has
a glossy back so the matte or satin
finish that we saw in the oneplus 8t
and the oneplus 8 pro like i've loved
this kind of satin smooth matte material
but
it's seemingly this glossy silver color
on this oneplus 9 pro
and there's also the classic
notification slider now there is
something slightly different
in this photo so if you'll notice the
frame is cut around the sleep wake
button and that notification slider and
normally on oneplus phones
it's just this even uniform frame that
goes around
the device right there's no angled cuts
in the frame usually but in this photo
there's clearly something different
going on and i'm not sure if
the frame is just a little bit thinner
than normal and they have to widen it up
at the notification slider or if that
slider and the sleep wake button are
just bigger than normal and they just
had to flare out the frame there the usb
c port on the bottom
and the antenna bands on the device look
pretty standard but there's also some
pictures here of a 1440p display running
at 120 hertz
now hardware wise there's no
confirmation here of the cpu it's
running i'd assume it's the snapdragon
8 but there is a picture here of 11 gigs
of ram with 256 gigs of storage and i
thought the 11 gigs was a little strange
like
i'd expect it to be 12 if it was gonna
go that high so i asked the guy i'm like
is it 12 and it's just reading it wrong
and he had no idea in fact i asked him a
bunch of questions and they were all
just
i don't know so based on the pictures 11
gigs of ram
maybe 12. okay the camera system so you
have your regular lens like a wide angle
you have your ultra wide
seemingly at 0.6 x again and you have a
zoom now last year's oneplus 8 pro had a
lossless
three time zoom but there's a picture
here of a new 3.3 x i'm not sure if
that's the optics or if that's just
really early software but that's
somewhat interesting
and there's also a tilt shift
photography mode
in the camera app but the most
interesting thing to me
is that branding on the back of this
whole camera array
the hasselblad and if you're unfamiliar
with that company they are a swedish
camera company
and they're best known for like their
medium format cameras expensive stuff
really good quality stuff but expensive
and the reason why it's interesting
is that this brand does not do
camera like smartphone camera
partnerships very often they did them
i don't know five six years ago but
they're usually just
doing their own thing and the other
thing that's interesting is that
vivo it's a company that's kind of like
a sister company two oneplus
they've done stuff with zeiss and there
were rumors that oneplus would also be
doing a partnership
with zeiss but here we are with photos
of a oneplus 9 pro
with hasselblad branding on the back
hasselblad
they're not cheap all of their stuff is
very expensive and for oneplus built to
use hasselblad's branding and to partner
with hasselblad
onto the phone it couldn't have come
cheap nothing from hasselblad is cheap
pete lau like the ceo of oneplus at this
point
he's gone on record saying that this
year oneplus was putting a lot of
resources
into their camera system so i asked the
guy is this hasselblad branding also
gonna be on the oneplus 9
and he had no idea so as long as i'm not
being trolled and these are legitimate
images
the one thing we can take away is that
there is some kind of partnership with
oneplus and hasselblad to create this
oneplus 9 pro camera system at the very
least
which is cool but the big question is
really what is it going to bring
right what does that partnership really
do for the images because that's really
the only thing that matters
and there have been a lot of companies
out there that have just used
camera branding like famous camera
companies and just stuck it onto phones
with seemingly very little to show for
it in terms of image quality
but that's every image i got i mean
i i feel like this is a this is cool all
right hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs if you loved
it see you guys next time
you